Add exercise: elyses-analytic-enchantments / predicates (#367)
exercism/julia: exercises/concept/elyses-analytic-enchantments/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

## 1. Determine if a card is present

> - `Vector` indices start at `1`.

Reviewer: Not sure why this hint is here? Maybe it could be moved above subsection 1 as a generic hint?

Author: The original exercise has "find the position of a card" as first task, I mixed things up when forking it.

- There is a method [`in`/`∈`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/collections/#Base.in) in Base to determine if a collection contains a value.

## 2. Find the position of a card

- The stacks of cards do not contain any duplicate cards.
- There is a method [`findfirst`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/arrays/#Base.findfirst-Tuple{Function,%20Any}) in Base to find the position of the first element of a collection that matches a given predicate.
- `==(x)` can be used as predicate to find elements that equal `x` in methods that take predicate functions.

## 3. Determine if each card is even

- The stacks of cards do not contain any duplicate cards.

> - There is a method [`all`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/collections/#Base.all-Tuple{AbstractArray,%20Any}) in Base to find the position of the first element of a collection that matches a given predicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a method [`all`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/collections/#Base.all-Tuple{AbstractArray,%20Any}) in Base that returns `true` if all elements in a collection satisfy a given predicate.
```

> - [`iseven`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.iseven) can be used as predicate to find elements that equal `x` in methods that take predicate functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`iseven`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.iseven) is a predicate function.
```

## 4. Check if the stack contains an odd-value card

- The stacks of cards do not contain any duplicate cards.

> - There is a method [`any`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/collections/#Base.any-Tuple{AbstractArray,%20Any}) in Base to find the position of the first element of a collection that matches a given predicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a method [`any`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/collections/#Base.any-Tuple{AbstractArray,%20Any}) in Base that returns `true` if any elements in a collection satisfy a given predicate.
```

> - [`isodd`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.isodd) can be used as predicate to find elements that equal `x` in methods that take predicate functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`isodd`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.isodd) is a predicate function.
```

## 5. Determine the position of the first card that is even

- `Vector` indices start at `1`.
- The stacks of cards do not contain any duplicate cards.
- There is a method [`findfirst`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/arrays/#Base.findfirst-Tuple{Function,%20Any}) in Base to find the position of the first element of a collection that matches a given predicate.

> - [`iseven`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.iseven) can be used as predicate to find elements that equal `x` in methods that take predicate functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`iseven`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Base.iseven) is a predicate function.
```
